[RUM-5674] Add custom vitals (#24390)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance.md

> ## Add your own performance timing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create custom performance metrics
```

> ### Custom Vitals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom vitals
```

> ### Custom vitals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Measure component-level performance with custom vitals
```

> The `customVital` API allows you to measure the performance of your application at the component or the user flow level. 

Reviewer 2: ... "at the component level. You can use custom vitals to measure how quickly part of your page renders, or how long it takes for a component to respond to a user interaction."

> The `customVital` API allows you to measure the performance of your application at the component level. You can use custom vitals to measure how quickly part of your page renders, or how long it takes for a component to respond to a user interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `customVital` API to measure the performance of your application at the component level. For example, you can measure how long it takes for part of your page to render or for a component to respond to a user interaction.
```

> #### startDurationVital and stopDurationVital

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Start and stop duration measurements
```

> You can start a duration measurement by calling `startDurationVital` and stopping it later in your code with `stopDurationVital`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a duration measurement by calling `startDurationVital` and stop a measurement with `stopDurationVital`:
```

```javascript
window.DD_RUM.startDurationVital("dropdownRendering")
window.DD_RUM.stopDurationVital("dropdownRendering")
```

> Once you call the `stopDurationVital` method, the custom vital duration is sent to Datadog and can be queried using `@vital.name:dropdownRendering`. For example, you can filter by duration with `@vital.duration:<10`.

Reviewer 2: let's use '@vital.duration:>10' to demonstrate how to filter for long durations.

> Once you call the `stopDurationVital` method, the custom vital duration is sent to Datadog and can be queried using `@vital.name:dropdownRendering`. Let's use `@vital.duration:>10` to demonstrate how to filter for long durations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you call the `stopDurationVital` method, the custom vital duration is sent to Datadog and can be queried using `@vital.name:dropdownRendering`. You can also filter by duration, for example with `@vital.duration:>10`.
```

> #### reference and description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use references and descriptions
```

> Additionally, you can use the reference returned by `startDurationVital` and specify a `description` string to support multiple instances of the same custom vital. For example, to track the duration of `dropdownRendering` in the `login` page:

Reviewer 2: ... "to differentiate between different instances of the same custom vital, like when a component is used on multiple pages."

> Additionally, you can use the reference returned by `startDurationVital` and specify a `description` string to differentiate between different instances of the same custom vital, like when a component is used on multiple pages. For example, to track the duration of `dropdownRendering` in the `login` page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the reference returned by `startDurationVital` and specify a `description` string to differentiate between instances of the same custom vital across multiple pages. For example, to track the duration of `dropdownRendering` in the `login` page:
```

```javascript
const reference = window.DD_RUM.startDurationVital("dropdownRendering", { description: "login" })
window.DD_RUM.stopDurationVital(reference)
```

> This allows you for example to visualize the Top List of the same component's rendering durations across different pages by grouping with `@vital.description`.

Reviewer 2: "This allows you to view the same component's rendering behavior across different pages by grouping by '@vital.description'."

> You can also add some context to your custom vital by using the `context` property:

Reviewer 2: "You can also add additional context" ...

> This allows you to view the same component's rendering behavior across different pages by grouping by `@vital.description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code groups by `@vital.description` so you can track the same component's rendering behavior across different pages.
```

> You can also add additional context to your custom vital by using the `context` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add context to your custom vital using the `context` property:
```

```javascript
window.DD_RUM.startDurationVital("dropdownRendering", {context: { clientId: "xxx" }})
window.DD_RUM.stopDurationVital("dropdownRendering")
```

> #### addDurationVital

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Report a custom vital with `addDurationVital`
```

> Alternatively, you can report a custom vital in a single operation using `addDurationVital`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of setting custom vital variables individually, you can report a custom vital in a single operation using `addDurationVital`:
```

```javascript
window.DD_RUM.addDurationVital("dropdownRendering", {startTime: 1707755888000, duration: 10000})
```

> ### Add custom performance timing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Track additional performance timings
```

> ### addTiming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add custom performance timing
```
